Lin Xinnuo
I said you're a rich old man
Betrayed Lu Zesheng
Immoral is not immoral
What betrayal?
What are you pretending to be stupid?
Three years ago, Zesheng
I saw you enter an old man's villa with my own eyes
I went to my dad's three years ago
What are you doing here?
What happened three years ago was a misunderstanding
What are you misunderstanding?
You're not planning to sell yourself into Hao right now
Door?
No.
Don't you know about the marriage?
I won't agree to your marriage partner's marriage
The person I want to marry will only be a remnant of love
So
You really like him?
What right do you have to ask me?
Just because you slept with me
Or say
You can't bear to serve me 100,000 money once
Good idea.
You and I fulfill you
You let go let go of me let go